[Autogenerated] will now continue our demonstration.
Thes time will show how Aspect J based Spring a O.
P.
Is working.
We'll focus on the aspect j annotations more exactly on the
before annotation and on the after annotation.
We would like to demonstrate a similar implementation this time using aspect.
J Aspect J is an aspect oriented programming extension for
the Java programming language aspect.
J became the de facto standard for a Opie.
Through its simplicity and usability.
It uses annotations to define the cross cutting aspects functionality.
We start from the same point ah,
spring application containing a passenger class having an i.
D.
A constructor together and the two string method.
We simulate the implementation of the dowel or data
access object design pattern.
The passenger dowel interface declares a get passenger
method that is receiving an argument.
The idea of the passenger we implement this interface
through the passenger dow in class.
These contains the map of the passenger that have already been retrieved.
If the passenger already exists inside the map, we take it from there.
Otherwise we constructed and put it in the map.
For the moment,
we are content to create the passenger with the help of the constructor
instead of effectively introduced a persistence layer,
we will do this at a later time.
The current approaches enough to demonstrate the spring a dopey
concepts in orderto work with the spring application.
We added this spring bash context dependency into the palm dot XML
dependency file and during the example one demonstration.
We have already added the spring Desh es Opie and
Spring Dash Aspects dependencies.
The AARP dot xml beans definition file contains one single being introduced in
the container passenger doll of type passenger Doll Imp.
The current function that the only creates the context.
Yes, the passenger Doll Bean.
Yes, the passenger with its help, then closes the context.
Let's see how it works.
So we are still getting the passenger having I d one and
we would like to introduce the spring.
It'll be functionality this time working with Aspect G and its annotations.
We create the logging as ____ class,
but this class now is using annotations to define joint points.
We use the aspect J point got language,
so the classes annotated with aspect and there are two methods that
before method annotated with before and showing as joined Point the
execution of any method and English passenger.
The method may belong toe.
Any package may receive any arguments and may return anything,
and there is an after method annotated with the after an imitation.
The German point represents the execution of any method ending with passenger.
The method may receive any argument,
may return anything and may belong to any package.
We need to add the GOP name space and the GOP XSD XML scam on
definition that is used by the GOP name space.
The AARP aspect J Dash Auto proceed directly from the spring configuration,
enables the SPJ support.
We need to add a logging aspect being belonging to the Logan Aspect class.
This way, the aspect will enter under the management of the container.
Let's see now how the application works and we're getting the
ortolan functionality provided by the lower aspect, this time using Aspect J and before and after annotations